I have made all  the page completely RESPONSIVE to seamlessly render in all size of devices , 
for header section I used 3 header sections , for all three different screen sizes that is mobile size , small size and large size . 
some  of my elements are bootstrap elements with external css applied by me to modify it's looks and make it responsive . 

Header section ---------->
I used 3 headers because it was easier to hide one show another with little changes in css it , rather than adding a lot of css to one header .  which I tried  initially but led to too many complications .


Product Navigation section ----------->
then I created section to navigate to different kind of products below the header , which has a horizontal slider , but the pics are yet to be added to it.
which would be done later on.


Offers and details carousal section --------->
This is a responsive carousal that seamlessly render the image inside it without changing it's ratio IN ALL DEVICE SIZES. Inside it there is a glassmorphism box with a buttion and some text to give description about the contents/offeres/details.. 


New arrival carousal section --------->
This is same as the PRODUCT NAVIGATION section with some changes , it represents the newely availablity of  different type of products .. [it is a product type section , not a product section] hovering over it would show the description about the product . AND the card animation is replicated from some random source and edited  by me to work with the card and section , more ever it to have the horizontal slider .


This is a featured products section   --------->
it is simply to feature products with cards in it , though it might seem simpler but it took me a great deal of time to acheive it's responsivenesss in all kind of device size . it too have some simple button animations that I created in css file.


 Recently viewed section --------->

this is a section to show recently viewed products . , it is also responsive 


footer section --------->

I haven't worked much on footer section due to lack of time , I had just aligned the sections for responsiveness 
.







